README.md, before:

Our [Run Models CoLab](input/industries) provides Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines (SVM), MLP, XGBoost and two Random Forests.

Our main input is currently industry features by county for exploring environmental impact targets.  
We are also creating [CoLabs for Exiobase International Trade Flow](https://model.earth/profile/trade).


[Run-Models-bkup.ipynb](https://github.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/tree/main/models) is a backup of the [Run Models CoLab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1zu0WcCiIJ5X3iN1Hd1KSW4dGn0JuodB8?usp=sharing) that we run locally. We append "-bkup" to indicate it is not the primary source.

Learn about our [cuML GPU speed enhancements](cuML)
We're using [SHAP to explain our model predictions](shap)

<h2>Design your Stream</h2>

**Bee YAML Updated** - Changed [bee data](input/bees) target to bees-targets-top-20-percent.csv in parameters yaml. This new "colony density" target uses the top 20% of counties with the highest bee population density (rather than top colony growth between years, as was used in bees-targets.csv).

<!--
Density file: bees-targets-top-20-percent.csv. Shashank worked from bees-population-usda.csv
(We previously used growth over time with the file bees-targets.csv)
-->

Copy and paste one of the following or use the CoLabs default settings:
[parameters-simple.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-simple.yaml) - 2020, just Maine
[parameters.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters.yaml) - Predicts bee density by industry  
[parameters-years.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-years.yaml) - For testing with multiple years and states (currently same as parameters.yaml).  Uses bee populatin growth.
[parameters-zip.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-zip.yaml) - Needs zip code target. Uses bee populatin growth.  
[parameters-blinks.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-blinks.yaml) - Uses only features dataset (which contains the target column).

Commit message:

Add link to parameter-paths.csv

README.md, after:

Our [Run Models CoLab](input/industries) provides Logistic Regression, Support Vector Machines (SVM), MLP, XGBoost and two Random Forests.

Our main input is currently industry features by county for exploring environmental impact targets.  
We are also creating [CoLabs for Exiobase International Trade Flow](https://model.earth/profile/trade).


[Run-Models-bkup.ipynb](https://github.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/tree/main/models) is a backup of the [Run Models CoLab](https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1zu0WcCiIJ5X3iN1Hd1KSW4dGn0JuodB8?usp=sharing) that we run locally. We append "-bkup" to indicate it is not the primary source.

Learn about our [cuML GPU speed enhancements](cuML)
We're using [SHAP to explain our model predictions](shap)

<h2>Design your Stream</h2>

**Bee YAML Updated** - Changed [bee data](input/bees) target to bees-targets-top-20-percent.csv in parameters yaml. This new "colony density" target uses the top 20% of counties with the highest bee population density (rather than top colony growth between years, as was used in bees-targets.csv).

<!--
Density file: bees-targets-top-20-percent.csv. Shashank worked from bees-population-usda.csv
(We previously used growth over time with the file bees-targets.csv)
-->

In the CoLab, a select menu allows you to choose default parameter yaml paths set in [parameter-paths.csv](https://github.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/blob/main/parameters/parameter-paths.csv).
[parameters-simple.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-simple.yaml) - 2020, just Maine
[parameters.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters.yaml) - Predicts bee density by industry  
[parameters-years.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-years.yaml) - For testing with multiple years and states (currently same as parameters.yaml).  Uses bee populatin growth.
[parameters-zip.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-zip.yaml) - Needs zip code target. Uses bee populatin growth.  
[parameters-blinks.yaml](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModelEarth/realitystream/main/parameters/parameters-blinks.yaml) - Uses only features dataset (which contains the target column).
